add release notes for registry changes (#10282)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/new-features/index.rst

                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="grid-card">
                <div class="content-container">
                    <div class="header">
                        Updated Model Registry UI
                    </div>
                    <img class="card-image" src="../_static/images/logos/mlflow-logo.svg" alt="MLflow"></img>
                    <div class="body">

>                         A new opt-in Model Registry UI has been built that includes alias support for self-defined model stages. See more about 
>                         <a href="../model-registry.html#model-registry-workflows">model aliases</a> and 
>                         <a href="../model-registry.html#promoting-an-mlflow-model-across-environments">model promotion across environments</a> in the docs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        A new opt-in Model Registry UI has been built that uses Aliases and Tags for managing model development. See 
                       more about the new <a href="../model-registry.html#ui-workflow">UI workflow</a> in the docs.
```

Reviewer: Here's a suggested edit. I'm removing the model promotion link because it does not yet affect the UI workflow. It will though in the next release.
